Add aiohttp tests to CI (#1415)
aio-libs/yarl: CHANGES/1415.contrib.rst

> Add aiohttp tests to CI. -- by :user:`Cycloctane`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Started running downstream :mod:`aiohttp` tests in CI -- by :user:`Cycloctane`.
```

> Started running downstream :mod:`aiohttp` tests in CI -- by :user:`Cycloctane`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Started running downstream ``aiohttp`` tests in CI -- by :user:`Cycloctane`.
```
